You might love looking up at the night sky. However, how much do you really know about the universe? Here are astronomy trivia questions and answers. They will test your knowledge of stars, constellations, and other interesting aspects of space..What does space smell like?Hot metal, diesel fumes, and barbecue.How old is the Universe?13.7 billion years old.How many constellations are there?88.Which planet has a hexagonal-shaped storm?Saturn.Why isn’t it possible to walk on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, or Neptune?Because they do not have solid surfaces.Which planet has the largest ocean?Jupiter.Which star is the Alpha Ursa Minoris?Polaris.How long does each season last on Neptune?More than 40 years.What do scientists call the disk that encircles a back hole?Accretion Disk.What are the storms produced by the sun called?Solar storms.Which constellation represents a hunter and weapons?Orion.Which is the hottest planet in the solar system?Venus, with a surface temperature of 460 °C.How many minutes was the shortest space flight?15 minutes.What is the only planet not named after a God?.Earth.Which astronaut is famous for having written his daughter’s initials on the moon?Gene Cernan.What do you call a large group of stars, dust, and gas?A galaxy.How many stars make up the Big Dipper?7 stars.Where is the coldest place in the universe?The Boomerang Nebula.Which are the most common types of galaxies in the universe?Elliptical galaxies.How far away is the nearest star, not the sun?About 4.22 light-years from Earth.What is the minimum speed of a meteoroid when it enters Earth’s atmosphere?25,000 miles per hour.What is the largest type of star in the universe?Red supergiant stars. They have the largest volume of all the stars in the known universe and are classified as K or M spectral types.Which planets do not have a natural satellite?All the planets in the solar system except Mercury and Venus have natural satellites.What is the most common type of star found in the Milky Way?Red Dwarf stars.What is at the center of the Milky Way galaxy?A black hole.Who was the first female commander of the International Space Station (ISS)?Peggy Whitson.What is the unit of measurement used to describe the expansion of the universe?The Hubble Constant.Which constellation holds the hottest place in the universe?Virgo.Who was the third astronaut to walk on the moon?Pete Conrad.Unsplash / Andy HolmesUnsplash / Guillermo FerlaUnsplash / Greg RakozyUnsplash / Guillermo FerlaUnsplash / Benjamin VorosUnsplash / Brian McGowanUnsplash / Jongsun LeeIf you want to take more quizzes, then you’re in luck. There are plenty more questions you can answer about various topics, ranging from movies to history to science. Explore more quizzes below!January Nelson is a writer, editor, and dreamer. She writes about astrology, games, love, relationships, and entertainment. January graduated with an English and Literature degree from Columbia University.Space. No longer the final frontier. The vastness of space is a source of amazing knowledge and has inspired mankind for ages. As the universe is constantly changing, expanding, and evolving; science and our knowledge of space will also continue to change. I hope these space trivia questions will help you to learn a little bit more about the universe we live in.If you scroll down to the bottom you can get images and PDFs of all the space trivia questions and answers if that’s more to your liking!.1. What type of galaxy is the most common in the universe?Elliptical galaxies.Galaxies are categorized as elliptical, spiral, or irregular. There are at least two trillion galaxies in the universe. Each galaxy is bound by gravity and consists of stars, dust, interstellar gas, and dark matter. They range in size from a few billion stars to one hundred trillion stars. The oldest and most distant observed galaxy is actually 32 billion light years from Earth and is located in the constellation Ursa Major.2. What is the coldest place in the universe? (Hint: It’s a nebula.)The Boomerang Nebula.The Boomerang Nebula is one degree Kelvin which is -458 degrees Fahrenheit or -272.15 degrees Celsius. It is located in the Centaurus constellation and is colder than the background temperature of deep space.Image from the Wikipedia page on the Boomerang Nebula.3. The hottest place in the universe is located in which constellation?The constellation Virgo.The hottest place in the universe is actually a cloud of gas surrounding a swarm of galaxies that are clustered together in the Virgo constellation. The temperature there reaches 300 million degrees Celsius. The cloud is believed to have been formed as a result of colliding galaxies going at speeds of 2,500 miles per second.4. How old is the universe in years? (Plus or minus 1 billion years.)13.8 billion years old.Scientists used various methods to estimate its age. These included methods such as measuring the composition of matter and energy density in the universe. Scientists also studied the oldest objects in space to help calculate its age. For example, they measured the age of some of the oldest known stars since there is a set method of determining the life cycle of a star based on its mass.5. What percent of the universe is dark matter? (Plus or minus 2%.)27%.The rest of the universe is around 68% dark energy, and less than 5% of the universe is made up of what we would consider “normal” matter. This means that roughly 80% of the mass of the universe is made up of material we cannot see.6. How many planets are in the Solar System?Eight planets.Four are terrestrial planets which include Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars. The other four are giant planets which include Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. Jupiter and Saturn are gas giant planets, and Uranus and Neptune are ice giant planets. Pluto was declassified as a planet in August 2006. Sorry Pluto! In 2014, the hypothetical planet dubbed Planet Nine was discovered, but its existence has not yet been confirmed.7. What is the largest planet in our solar system?Jupiter.Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system in terms of mass, volume, and surface. Jupiter’s diameter is roughly 11 times that of Earth. Jupiter’s mass is one thousandth that of the sun but 2.5 times the mass of all the planets in our solar system combined. Jupiter also boasts the largest moon in our solar system with its moon Ganymede.8. What is the smallest planet in our solar system?Mercury.Mercury only has an equatorial radius of 1,516 miles. This means that Mercury is actually smaller than Jupiter’s largest moon, Ganymede.You can find out a lot more about Mercury and all the other other planets in the solar system by visiting Nasa Solar System Exploration.9. What is the most common type of star found in the Milky Way?Red dwarf stars.Red dwarf stars make up an estimated ¾ of all stars found in the Milky Way. The surface temperature of red dwarf stars is less than 4,000 Kelvin, and they have a very low luminosity and therefore cannot be easily seen. In fact, from Earth not one red dwarf star can be seen with the naked eye. Since they develop very slowly and are constant for trillions of years, there are actually no advanced stars of this type in our universe because our universe is too young!10. What is the largest type of star in the universe?Red supergiant stars.They have the largest volume of all the stars in the known universe and are classified as K or M spectral types. Red supergiant stars are several hundreds, to over a thousand times, the radius of our sun. Many scientists believe that the star UY Scuti is the largest red supergiant star in the universe. It has a volume 5 billion times that of our sun.11. What is the closest star to the Sun?Proxima Centauri.Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star located in Alpha Centauri system, which is in the Centaurus constellation. Alpha Centauri is actually a triple star system with Proxima Centauri being the closest to the sun. It is 4.24 light years away from the sun, and is not visible to the naked eye from Earth.12. What has a gravitational pull so strong that even light cannot escape it?A black hole.Black holes are one of the deadliest things in the universe. They are formed when a star with a mass more than three times that of our sun dies and collapses onto itself after an explosion called a supernova. Black holes can siphon the gas out of stars until they vanish. They can even break apart and swallow planets. And you have no idea how hard it was to refrain from making a “yo mama” joke for this question…13. Which NASA space flight was the last manned mission to the moon?Apollo 17.Apollo 17 launched on December 7, 1972 as the first night launch done by NASA. It was also the final mission of NASA’s Apollo program. Apollo 17 was the last time humans traveled beyond low Earth orbit. The mission also boasted that at the time it had the longest moon landing, largest lunar samples, longest time in orbit, and the longest total moonwalks.14. What is the longest continuous time a human has spent in space? (Plus or minus 20 days.)437 days.This amounts to more than 14 months in space. This feat was accomplished by Valeri Polyakov, a Russian astronaut who stayed aboard the Mir space station from January 1994 to March 1995. When Polyakov retired he had over 678 cumulative days in space, and his combined space time was over 22 months.15. What is the farthest distance from Earth a manned mission has traveled? (Plus or minus 20,000 miles.)248,655 miles.This was achieved during the Apollo 13 mission which launched on April 11, 1970. During the mission an oxygen tank exploded. The explosion forced the crew to abort its mission to land on the moon, and the trial of the crew attempting to get home safely has been widely publicized. The Apollo 13 mission launched at 13:13 military time, and the explosion occurred two days after launch on April 13, 1970. That’s a lot of 13’s if you are the superstitious type!16. How many minutes was the shortest space flight?15 minutes.This occurred on May 5, 1961 when Alan Shepard achieved an altitude of 115 miles in NASA’s Freedom 7. He was also the first American in space. Shepard later went on to become the oldest person to walk on the surface of the moon. He achieved this in 1971 during the Apollo 14 mission. At the time, he was 47 years old.17. How many moons are in our Solar System? (Hint: It’s over 50.)181 moons .These moons (also known as natural satellites) vary greatly in size and quantity per planet. For example, the largest moon is Jupiter’s Ganymede, and the smallest is Mar’s Deimos. Ganymede has a diameter of 3,273 miles, and Deimos has a diameter of 7 miles.Update: Uranus may have two undiscovered moons that aren’t included in the answer above because they aren’t official yet. If you include those two undiscovered mooons it brings the total up to 183..18. How many moons does Jupiter have?67.Jupiter has the most moons in our solar system, followed by Saturn which has 62 moons. Mercury and Venus have no moons. Mars has 2. Uranus has 27 (possibly 29). And Neptune has 14.19. What is the diameter of the Earth’s moon?2,159 miles.Earth’s moon is 27% the size of Earth, and it is the fifth largest planetary satellite in our Solar System. Also, the moon’s gravitational force is only 17% that of Earth’s gravitational force. This means that a person who can jump 10 feet on Earth can jump almost 60 feet on the moon!20. What is the largest crater on Earth’s moon?The South Pole-Aitken basin.It is an impact crater that is the largest, deepest, and oldest crater on the moon. The South Pole-Aitken basin is also the largest known crater in our Solar System. The crater is 1,600 miles in diameter and 8.1 miles deep in some areas.21. What are the dimensions in inches of the first footprint on Earth’s moon?13 by 6 inches.The footprint was left by Neil Armstrong during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. Apollo 11 was the first space flight that landed humans on the moon. It also ended the Space Race between the Soviet Union and the United States of America.22. What flavor ice cream did Baskin-Robbins release in 1969 to commemorate America’s landing on the moon?Lunar Cheesecake.And I’m sure their marketing department described it as “out of this world”. I’ll stop now…Below are easily printable PDFs for all of our space trivia questions. You can get a PDF with just the trivia questions, just the answers, or with both the trivia questions and answers.And here is the image of all space trivia questions and answers.If you are looking for more trivia pages, look no further:Home Conversation Games Trivia Questions 400+ Space Trivia Questions and Answers for a Game Night.
Updated on Jul 01, 2022 | Published on Dec 30, 2021

 Reviewed by
 Katina Tarver, MA (Mental Health and Wellness Counseling) 
, Life & Relationship Coach 


 Reviewed by 
 Katina Tarver, MA (Mental Health and Wellness Counseling) , Life & Relationship Coach 
  


 Katina Tarver is a life coach, who has received her MA degree in Mental Health and Wellness Counseling, and a BS degree in Psychology. Her focus targets the integrative mental health and wellness approach in psychotherapy and behavioral health. She is also a career coach, consultant and a certified mediator for individuals, families, couples and small businesses. Founder of Building Stronger People Foundation and sits on the board of directors for the mental health and wellness program for US Dream Academy Houston. She is also a mentor at Capella University. 
 Learn more about our Review Board


You might enjoy looking up at the stars at night. But, how much do you know about the universe? Here are some space trivia questions and answers. They’ll put your knowledge of stars, constellations, and other interesting features of the universe to the test.Do you know? There is no sound in the air, implying that the space has no atmosphere. Astronauts utilize radios to communicate while in space because sound has no medium or way to travel to be heard. Radio waves may still be sent and received, they are a useful way to send and receive messages in space. This article is full of amazing, exciting, and unbelievable space questions.Simply scroll down and answer the questions. It will definitely provide you with up-to-date and insane knowledge about space.If you are looking for the best space-related trivia questions, then you have stopped at the right place. The space trivia questions and answers below are perfect for players of all age groups. Some are quite common and some are unique to your ears. However, it will be fun to ask these questions at a family get-together or at a party with friends. Or, simply you can play a space quiz when you get bored. So, let’s get deeper into these questions. 1. Question: This planet, also known as the “morning star” and the “evening star,” has long inspired poets. What planet is it?Answer: Venus.2. Question: What planet in our solar system is the densest and has only one satellite?Answer: Earth.3. Question: What color would the sky be if you were standing on the moon with the sun shining upon you?Answer: Black.4. Question: The word ‘astrophysics’ comes from a combination of Greek words. Are you aware of which of these bodies ‘Astro’ refers to?Answer: Star.5. Question: What is the solar system’s first planet from the sun?Answer: Mercury.6. Question: In our solar system, how many stars are there?Answer: 1.7. Question: What is the name of the planet that is sometimes referred to as Earth’s sister planet?Answer: Venus.8. Question: What is the proper name of rocket science?Answer: Astronautics.9. Question: Which of the following things has the ability to emit light?Answer: Stars.10. Question: What is the frequency of a lunar eclipse?Answer: At least twice a year.11. Question: I’m sore from all of these people constantly moving around on me.Answer: Earth.12. Question: How many of our solar system’s planets are formed of gas?Answer: Four.13. Question: What is the name of the planet that is nearest to the sun?Answer: Mercury.14. Question: Which of the following is not a constellation?Answer: Halo.15. Question: What is the name of the planet that is closest to the Sun?Answer: Mercury.16. Question: Saturn is our solar system’s second-largest planet. It is well-known for which of the following?Answer: Rings.17. Question: Which of the following is a Jupiter moon?Answer: Io.18. Question: Some astrophysicists research the brightness of stars. What other words do you think you could use to describe luminosity?Answer: Brightness .19. Question: Imagine we’ve arrived at the next planet, VENUS. In visible light, we can’t view the surface of Venus from space. Why?Answer: Venus is covered with a thick layer of clouds.20. Question: What is the name of the group of scientists who study the skies?Answer: Astronomers.21. Question: Which planet is referred to as “The Red Planet”?Answer: Mars.22. Question: Although the math required in actual rocket science can be quite complex, the fundamental principles are given in three equations known as the Laws of Motion, which were devised by a great scientist in the 17th century. What is the name of the scientist who wrote “Principia Mathematica?”Answer: Issac Newton.23. Question: In the night sky, what color does Mars appear?Answer: Red color.24. Question: How long does it take the moon to complete one orbit around the Earth?Answer: 28 days.25. Question: Although I used to be a planet, I am no longer one. Who am I?Answer: Pluto.26. Question: What is the hottest layer of the atmosphere?Answer: Thermosphere.27. Question: What is the name of the planet that is fifth from the sun?Answer: Jupiter.28. Question: Which of the following is not a zodiac sign?Answer: Phoenix.29. Question: What is the name of the planet that orbits the Sun?Answer: Venus.30. Question: Which of these was once recognized as a planet but was changed to a dwarf planet in 2006?Answer: Pluto.31. Question: What is the name of Mars’ highest mountain?Answer: Olympus.32. Question: One astrophysics theory concerns the origins of the universe. Many scientists believe that the universe was created when a small, dense object blew up and expanded. Some people say it is still growing. What is the popular name for this theory?Answer: Big Bang theory.33. Question: After leaving our home planet Earth, we travel to the next world. It’s the planet MARS. Mars is referred to as the “Red Planet.” But what gives this planet its red color?Answer: Due to the presence of iron oxide on its surface.34. Question: Which of the following cannot be considered a source of energy for a star’s emitted light?Answer: Gasoline.35. Question: Which planet is famous for its large red spot?Answer: Jupiter.36. Question: A rocket must reach a very high speed to escape the gravitational attraction of the Earth. When it achieves this speed, the Earth’s gravity is no longer able to hold it back, and it can “boldly go” into space. What is the name of the word used to characterize this unique speed?Answer: Escape velocity.37. Question: I’m a large gas giant, but to equal the size of the sun, you’d have to put 900 of me together. I appear to be wearing pajamas with a large red spot on them. What planet am I?Answer: Jupiter.38. Question: Saturn’s rings are largely formed of what?Answer: Ice, dust, and rock.39. Question: What direction does the sunrise from?Answer: East.40. Question: Although I am not the largest planet, my ring system is by far the largest and, dare I say, most gorgeous. Who am I?Answer: Saturn .41. Question: Who was the first human to walk on the moon?Answer: Neil Armstrong.42. Question: Pluto was no longer considered a planet in 2006. How many planets are currently known to exist in our solar system?Answer: 8.43. Question: Which of these galaxies is the brightest in the sky?Answer: Orion Nebula.44. Question: What is the name of the planet that is third from the Sun?Answer: Earth.45. Question: One of the most well-known constellations is Orion. What did it get its name from?Answer: A hunter in Greek myth.46. Question: What is the maximum temperature that Venus’ surface can reach in degrees Fahrenheit?Answer: 850.47. Question: Which Roman god was Mercury named after?Answer: The god of travel.48. Question: Scientists may be able to learn about the chemical makeup of planets as well. Because it is primarily gas, which of these planets could you not stand on?Answer: Jupiter.49. Question: Ah! We’ve arrived at the solar system’s largest planet. JUPITER is the name of the planet. Which of the following do you think you’d find on the planet Jupiter?Answer: The great red spot.50. Question: Which of our solar system’s planets is the second largest?Answer: Saturn.When it comes to kids, they need an extra level of care and caution because their mentality and personality are different from adults and old-age people. Therefore, kids can only answer the questions which are convenient to them and they can enjoy it as well. So, here is the list of trivia questions that are ideal for kids. 51. Question: What is our solar system’s largest planet?Answer: Jupiter.52. Question: What is the name of our solar system?Answer: Milky way galaxy.53. Question: What is the distance between Venus and Earth?Answer: 157.85 million miles.54. Question: What is the distance between Earth and Mars?Answer: 188.48 million miles.55. Question: Which planet is Jupiter? Answer: The 5th planet from the sun.56. Question: What is the size of the sun?Answer: 1.989×10^30 kg.57. Question: What is the meaning of a black hole?Answer: A black hole is a space in the galaxy where gravity pulls so much that even light can not get out.58. Question: What is a moon?Answer: A moon is an object that orbits the planet or something else that is not a star.59. Question: What is the meaning of a dwarf planet?Answer: A celestial body resembling a small planet but lacking certain technical criteria that are required for it to be classed as a regular planet.60. Question: How many stars are there in the Milky Way galaxy?Answer: 100 thousand million.61. Question: What is the speed of light?Answer: 186000 miles per second.62. Question: What is our galaxy’s biggest star?Answer: UY Scuti.63. Question: What is the total number of galaxies?Answer: 200 billion to two trillion galaxies.64. Question: In the Milky Way galaxy, how many planets are there?Answer: 100 billion planets.65. Question: Why did NASA invest millions of dollars in inventing a pen that could be used in space?Answer: Pens could not function in zero gravity.66. Question: In the Andromeda Galaxy, how many stars are there?Answer: One trillion stars.67. Question: What is an emission nebula?Answer: Emission nebulae are clouds of ionized gas that as the name says, emit their own light at optical wavelength.68. Question: What is the approximate number of comets in our galaxy?Answer: One trillion comets.69. Question: What is the location of the world’s largest telescope?Answer: Gran Telescopio Canarias in La Palma, Canary Islands.70. Question: What is the Earth’s size in miles?Answer: 24,901 miles.71. Question: What is the meaning of antimatter?Answer: Molecules formed by atoms consisting of antiprotons, antineutrons, and positrons.72. Question: What is the distance between Mercury and Venus in miles?Answer: 31.1 million miles.73. Question: What is the time it takes for the Earth to complete one orbit?Answer: 365 days.74. Question: In the Milky Way Galaxy, how many moons are there?Answer: 53 confirmed moons.75. Question: Which of the planets is far away from the sun?Answer: Pluto.76. Question: What percentage of our solar system’s mass is made up of planets?Answer: 0.135% of the mass of the solar system.77. Question: When will the next sight of Halley’s Comet be?Answer: It will return in 2061 on its regular 76-year journey around the Sun.78. Question: Which planet has the most number of moons?Answer: Saturn has the most moons.79. Question: What is the majority of the sun’s structure?Answer: Hydrogen and helium.80. Question: What is the “Large Magellanic Cloud” as it is known among scientists?Answer: It’s a satellite.81. Question: What is the name of Jupiter’s largest moon?Answer: Ganymede.82. Question: What is the best estimate of the Earth’s age?Answer: 4.54 billion years old.83. Question: What is the name of our solar system’s tiniest planet?Answer: Mercury.84. Question: “Betelgeuse” is what kind of star it is.Answer: M2lab.85. Question: What is the moon’s surface like?Answer: Dead volcanoes, impact craters, and lava flows.86. Question: “Pandora Charon Nereid Phobos” was discovered by who?Answer: Triton, Nereid and Proteus.87. Question: What was the name of the most recent Apollo mission?Answer: 1972.88. Question: Buzz Aldrin was a part of which mission?Answer: Apollo 11.89. Question: When did the US first set foot on the moon?Answer: July 20, 1969.90. Question: What was the name of the first astronaut?Answer: Yuri Gagarin.91. Question: When did NASA get its start?Answer: July 29th, 1958.92. Question: What was the name of the first NASA mission?Answer: Apollo 1.93. Question: What is the planet that is nearest to the sun?Answer: Mercury.94. Question: What is the total number of big planets?Answer: Four.95. Question: What is astronomy and how does it work?Answer: Astronomy is the study of objects and phenomena beyond Earth.96. Question: What planet is Uranus?Answer: The 7th planet from the Sun.97. Question: What is the name of our moon?Answer: Earth’s moon is called Luna.98. Question: What is the distance between the sun and the farthest planet?Answer: Neptune.99. Question: Who was the first to discover the rules of planetary motion?Answer: Johannes Kepler.100. Question: What is the location of the solar system’s greatest volcano?Answer: Olympus Mons.101. Question: In a supernova, what kind of star can form?Answer: A neutron star.102. Question: What type of distance is measured in light-years?Answer: Time.103. Question: In the solar system, how many “terrestrial planets” are there?Answer: Mercury/Mars.104. Question: What was Neil Armstrong’s second space mission?Answer: Gemini 8.105. Question: In 2021, on which two days of the year will Mercury and Venus be closest at dusk?Answer: May 28/29.106. Question: Is the asteroid belt between Jupiter and Saturn? True or false?Answer: True.Trivia questions are not so common that are easy to ask and answer. These questions require a good level of IQ and intelligence of general knowledge about space. Therefore, we have included their answers along with the questions so that you don’t have to search for answers for every question. Get a hand copy of this and let the trivia questions and answers game begin. 107. Question: What does it smell like in space?Answer: Hot metal, diesel fumes, and barbecue.108. Question: What is the age of the Universe?Answer: 13.7 billion years old.109. Question: What is the total number of constellations?Answer: 88.110. Question: A hexagonal-shaped storm can be found on which planet?Answer: Saturn.111. Question: Why isn’t walking on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, or Neptune possible?Answer: Because they do not have solid surfaces.112. Question: Which planet is home to the world’s largest ocean?Answer: Jupiter.113. Question: What is the name of the star Alpha Ursae Minoris?Answer: Polaris.114. Question: On Neptune, how long does each season last?Answer: More than 40 years.115. Question: What is the name of the ring that encircles a back hole in science?Answer: Accretion Disk.116. Question: What is the name of the sun-created storms?Answer: Solar storms.117. Question: Which constellation is connected with hunting and weapons?Answer: Orion.118. Question: Which planet in our solar system is the hottest?Answer: Venus, with a surface temperature of 460° C.119. Question: How long did the shortest space flight last?Answer: 15 minutes.120. Question: What is the name of the only planet that isn’t named after a God?Answer: Earth.121. Question: Which astronaut is famous for carving his daughter’s initials on the moon?Answer: Gene Cernan.122. Question: What is the name for a large cluster of stars, dust, and gas?Answer: A Galaxy.123. Question: The Big Dipper is made up of how many stars?Answer: 7 stars.124. Question: What is the universe’s coldest location?Answer: The Boomerang Nebula.125. Question: In the universe, what are the most prevalent types of galaxies?Answer: Elliptical galaxies.126. Question:  How far away is the nearest star, not the sun?Answer: About 4.22 light-years from Earth.127. Question: When a meteoroid enters Earth’s atmosphere, what is its minimum speed?Answer: 25 miles per hour.128. Question: What is the universe’s largest type of star?Answer: Red supergiant stars. They have the largest volume of all the stars in the known universe and are classified as K or M spectral types.129. Question: Which planets are free of natural satellites?Answer: All the planets in the solar system except Mercury and Venus have natural satellites.130. Question: In the Milky Way, what is the most common type of star?Answer: Red Dwarf stars.131. Question: What is the location of the Milky Way’s nucleus?Answer: A black hole.132. Question: Who was the International Space Station’s (ISS) first female commander?Answer: Peggy Whitson.133. Question: What is the standard unit of measurement for the universe’s expansion?Answer: The Hubble Constant.134. Question: Which constellation is home to the universe’s hottest spot?Answer: Virgo.135. Question: What was the name of the third astronaut to land on the moon?Answer: Pete Conrad.136. Question: What is the maximum number of Earths that might fit within the sun?Answer: About a million.137. Question: Who used the term “ears of a teacup” to describe Saturn’s rings?Answer: Galileo.138. Question: What is the time it takes for the moon to orbit the Earth?Answer: 28 days.139. Question: When the moon goes through all of its phases, how long does it take?Answer: 29 days.140. Question: What method is used to calculate the distance between the sun and the Earth?Answer: In Astronomical Units (AU).141. Question: What is the name of the planet that is known as the Morning Star?Answer: Venus.142. Question: What happens when a meteor turns into a meteorite?Answer: It hits the earth’s surface.143. Question: What is the nearest star to Earth?Answer: Alpha Centauri.144. Question: From January 21st, which astrological sign will be visible?Answer: Aquarius.145. Question: What do you name a heavenly body’s journey through space?Answer: An orbit.146. Question: What is the name of the sun’s outermost atmosphere?Answer: Corona.147. Question: What is the source of the moon’s radiance?Answer: Reflected sunlight.148. Question: Which constellation has a winged horse shape?Answer: Pegasus.149. Question: What is our sky’s third brightest celestial object?Answer: Venus.150. Question: Castor and Pollux are located in which constellation?Answer: Gemini.151. Question: What does it mean to study stars, planets, and galaxies?Answer: Astronomy.152. Question: What was the name of the spacecraft that took the first astronauts to the moon?Answer: Apollo 11.153. Question: What is the name of the planet that is known as the Evening Star?Answer: Venus.154. Question: Who is the inventor of astronomy?Answer: The ancient Greeks.155. Question: Where can you go to see night sky projections?Answer: A planetarium.156. Question: What color is the sunset on Mars?Answer: Blue.157. Question: Which planets are ringed by rings?Answer: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.158. Question: What is space junk?Answer: Any human-made object stuck orbiting Earth.159. Question: What is the temperature of the sun’s core?Answer: More than 27 million degrees Fahrenheit.160. Question: On Jupiter, how long does a day last?Answer: 9 hours and 55 minutes.161. Question: Which of our solar system’s planets is the smallest?Answer: Mercury.162. Question: Which planet in our solar system is the oldest?Answer: Jupiter.163. Question: Without a telescope, how many of our planets can be seen?Answer: Five – Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.164. Question: Is Neptune or Saturn the larger planet?Answer: Saturn.165. Question: On Jupiter, how long is a year?Answer: 12 years.166. Question: Which planet in our solar system has the highest density?Answer: Earth.167. Question: How many volcanoes do you think there are on Venus’s surface?Answer: More than 1600 volcanoes.168. Question: What color Saturn is?Answer: Pale yellow.169. Question: What are Jupiter’s four largest moons’ names?Answer: Europa, Ganimede, Callisto e Io.170. Question: What is Uranus’s odor like?Answer: Rotten eggs.171. Question: Which four “terrestrial” planets are there?Answer: Mercury, Mars, Venus, and Earth.172. Question: Which planet is the only one that rotates on its side?Answer: Uranus.173. Question: Pluto was classed as a dwarf planet in what year?Answer: 2006.Yes, trivia questions are hard for almost everyone. And it can become frustrating if you aren’t able to answer these questions. Therefore, it’s quite convenient to add some easy and simple questions which are more familiar to people. Here is the ultimate list of space trivia questions that are easy to answer and make the game fun and confidential. 174. Question: Which five dwarf planets are the most well-known?Answer: Pluto, Ceres, Eris, Makemake, and Haumea.175. Question: Why isn’t Galileo credited with Neptune’s discovery?Answer: Galileo seems to have mistaken Neptune for a fixed star.176. Question: Pluto fails to meet which definition of a “planet”?Answer: Pluto failed to clear the neighborhood around its orbit.177. Question: What is the name for a comet’s appearance?Answer: An apparition.178. Question: Which planets are the four “gas giants”?Answer: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.179. Question: Which of our solar system’s planets is the second tiniest?Answer: Mars.180. Question: Which of the planets rotates backward in relation to the others?Answer: Venus.181. Question: Which planet has the greatest number of volcanoes?Answer: Venus.182. Question: What shields the Earth from meteoroids and solar radiation?Answer: Its the atmosphere.183. Question: Which planet is the brightest in the night sky?Answer: Venus.184. Question: What is the composition of a comet?Answer: A mixture of an ice giant, dust, and rocks.185. Question: What is the duration of a solar eclipse?Answer: Seven and a half minutes.186. Question: Who was the first woman to reach the edge of space?Answer: Valentina Tereshkova.187. Question: What is the location of the Oort Cloud?Answer: Just beyond Pluto.188. Question: What causes the planets to remain in a stable orbit around the sun?Answer: Gravity.189. Question: Who was the first human to step foot on the moon?Answer: Neil Armstrong.190. Question: How much would you weigh on Mars if you weighed 200 pounds on Earth?Answer: 76 pounds.191. Question: What is the total number of planets in the Solar System?Answer: Eight planets.192. Question: What are the ingredients that make up the sun?Answer: Primarily hydrogen and helium with some other trace elements.193. Question: A light-year is approximately how many miles (or kilometers) long.Answer: A light-year is the distance light travels in a vacuum in a year about 5.9 trillion miles or 9.5 trillion kilometers.194. Question: What year did the Space Age start?Answer: The space age began on October 4, 1957, when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik 1.195. Question: Which planet is Titan’s moon orbiting?Answer: Saturn.196. Question: What is the location of the Asteroid Belt?Answer: Between Mars and Jupiter.197. Question: What are the names of the dark energy explosions caused by the sun’s magnetic fields?Answer: Solar flares.198. Question: What color does the sun appear to be?Answer: The sun seems white to the eyes but it’s a mix of all colors.199. Question: What is another name for asteroids?Answer: Minor planets or planetoids.200. Question: What is the maximum number of Earths that might fit within the sun?Answer: One million.201. Question: A big emission of plasma from the sun is referred to by scientists as a “massive release of plasma from the sun.”Answer: A Coronal Mass Ejection.202. Question: What is a revolving neutron star with a high magnetic field?Answer: A pulsar.203. Question: What do you name a huge number of meteoroids that hit the same spot at the same time?Answer: A meteor shower.204. Question: What type of celestial body is Vesta?Answer: An asteroid.205. Question: What is the source of high and low tides?Answer: Gravity.206. Question: What is the sun’s polarity reversal?Answer: The solar cycle.207. Question: What are the three most well-known asteroids?Answer: Ceres, Pallas, Vesta.208. Question: Why are there craters on Mercury?Answer: Its atmosphere is too thin to burn up meteoroids.209. Question: What is Pluto’s largest moon’s name?Answer: Charon.210. Question: What is the reason for a solar eclipse?Answer: The moon moves between the sun and the Earth casting a shadow on Earth.211. Question: Where can you find the biosphere?Answer: The lower part of the atmosphere all the hydrosphere and the upper part of the lithosphere.212. Question: The nucleus, tail, and are the three main elements of _____?Answer: The coma.213. Question: Which of the solar system’s heavenly bodies has the most mass?Answer: The Sun.214. Question: In which year did the first woman enter space?Answer: 1963.215. Question: When three celestial bodies are linked in a straight line, what is the phrase for it?Answer: Syzygy.216. Question: What is the total number of moons orbiting the Earth?Answer: One.217. Question: What manned US space mission resulted in the landing of 12 men on the Moon?Answer: Apollo.218. Question: Which planet was the furthest away from the Sun between 1978 and 1999?Answer: Neptune.219. Question: What percentage of the Milky Way can be seen?Answer: You can only see 0.000003% of it.220. Question: When the day and night are the same lengths twice a year, what term do astronomers use to describe it?Answer: Equinox.221. Question: What are the names of the interstellar gas and dust clouds that emit various colors of light?Answer: An emission nebula is a cloud of high-temperature gas.222. Question: Is it true that Mars has had more missions to this planet than any other?Answer: Yes, true.223. Question: What spacecraft has been the only one to visit Uranus?Answer: The Voyager 2.224. Question: There are no ____ stars in the sky.Answer: Green.225. Question: What makes up roughly 85 percent of all matter in the universe?Answer: Dark matter.226. Question: Which planet has a moon that is two-toned?Answer: Saturn.227. Question: What is the name of a Martian day?Answer: Sol.228. Question: What kind of star is our sun?Answer: A typical yellow dwarf.229. Question: Around 400 active volcanoes can be found on which of Jupiter’s moons?Answer: Io.230. Question: Mercury has what?Answer: A tail.231. Question: Which planet’s moons are Phobos and Deimos?Answer: Mars.232. Question: Which planet is the smallest in relation to Earth?Answer: Venus.233. Question: Which planet has the most number of moons?Answer: Saturn.234. Question: Which planets do not have moons?Answer: Mercury and Venus.235. Question: Is there a planet with supersonic winds?Answer: Neptune.236. Question: A passing star, according to which theory, pushes dust and debris from the growing sun?Answer: The tidal theory.When a thing or game becomes interesting, it can boost up the level of fun. Here is the extreme list of interesting questions for your trivia night game. 237. Question: What is the planet that is nearest to the Sun?Answer: Mercury.238. Question: What is the name of our solar system’s second-largest planet?Answer: Saturn.239. Question: What is our solar system’s hottest planet?Answer: Venus.240. Question: Which planet is known for its large red spot?Answer: Jupiter.241. Question: What planet is known for the beautiful rings that surround it?Answer: Saturn.242. Question: Is it possible for humans to breathe normally in space as they do on Earth?Answer: No.243. Question: Is the sun a planet or a star?Answer: A star.244. Question: Who was the first person to set feet on the surface of the moon?Answer: Neil Armstrong.245. Question: What is the name of the planet that is known as the red planet?Answer: Mars.246. Question: What is the name of the force that keeps us rooted to the ground?Answer: Gravity.247. Question: Has anyone ever set a foot on Mars?Answer: No.248. Question: What is the name of a facility that conducts space and astronomy research using telescopes and other scientific equipment?Answer: An observatory.249. Question: What is NASA’s most famous space telescope’s name?Answer: Hubble space telescope.250. Question: Which galaxy does the Earth belong to?Answer: The milky way galaxy.251. Question: What was the first satellite to be sent into space called?Answer: Sputnik.252. Question: Which planet’s moon is Ganymede?Answer: Jupiter.253. Question: What is Saturn’s largest moon’s name?Answer: Titan.254. Question: On which planet is Olympus Mons, a large volcanic mountain?Answer: Mars.255. Question: Is the Earth orbited by the sun?Answer: No.256. Question: Is Neptune a larger planet than Earth?Answer: Yes.257. Question: Physical space is frequently conceived in how many linear dimensions?Answer: In three linear dimensions.258. Question: In which century did mathematicians begin to study non-Euclidean geometries, in which space is imagined as curved rather than flat?Answer: In the 19th and 20th centuries.259. Question: Space near gravitational fields deviates from Euclidean space according to which theory?Answer: Albert Einstein theory of general relativity.260. Question: Which planet in the solar system is the hottest?Answer: Venus.261. Question: Out of all the planets in our solar system (apart from Earth), which one is most likely to support life?Answer: Mars  .262. Question: Which stars in the universe have a rotational speed of 600 times per second?Answer: Neutron stars.263. Question: How much of the mass of the Sun is taken up by the rest of the Solar System?Answer: About 99.86%.264. Question: Which of Mars’ volcanoes is three times the size of Mount Everest?Answer: Olympus Mons.265. Question: Which object in the solar system used to be a portion of the planet Earth?Answer: The moon was once a piece of the Earth.266. Question: In space, how long is a day?Answer: Its 90 minutes.267. Question: What is it that prevents you from walking on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, or Neptune?Answer: Because they have no solid surface.268. Question: In space, where is the highest peak known to man?Answer: On an asteroid called Vesta.269. Question: What color does Mars’ sunset appear to be?Answer: In blue color.270. Question: What is more common on Earth than stars in the Milky Way?Answer: Trees.271. Question: Which planet has a day that is longer than a year?Answer: Planet Venus.272. Question: What is the distance between our Milky Way galaxy and the nearest galaxies?Answer: Its 2.5 million light-years away.273. Question: Have you ever wondered why planets do not twinkle but stars do?Answer: Because of Earth’s atmosphere.274. Question: Which planet has a jewel atmosphere?Answer: On gas giants Saturn and Jupiter.275. Question: Which of the nearly 44-foot-long telescopes is the most famous?Answer: The Hubble space telescope.276. Question: Which hole is10 times the mass of the Sun and was first discovered in the 1960s?Answer: Blackhole.277. Question: Is there a larger black hole in our Milky Way?Answer: Yes.278. Question: What is the mass of the massive black hole at the center of our galaxy?Answer: The weight of 4 million suns.279. Question: According to which project, preliminary photos of the black hole’s edge are expected in the following months?Answer: The project called the Event Horizon Telescope.280. Question: Scientists obtained an image of the black hole at the center of galaxy M87 using which international radio telescope network?Answer: The event horizon telescope.281. Question: What are the benefits of supermassive black holes to the galaxy?Answer: It can give birth to stars and determine how many stars a galaxy gets.282. Question: According to the European Space Agency’s Gaia spacecraft, how many stars are there in our galaxy?Answer: They mapped the location of 1 billion stars in our galaxy.283. Question: What is the mass of the Milky Way?Answer: Estimates range from 700 billion to 2 trillion times the mass of our sun.284. Question: Is our Milky Way Galaxy in any way connected to other galaxies?Answer: Yes, and sometimes they crash into it.285. Question: Which tests have proven that non-Euclidean geometries provide a better representation of space’s shape?Answer: Experimental tests of general relativity.286. Question: How much longer will the highest mountain on the asteroid Vesta be visible?Answer: Its 22 km in height and it’s three times as tall as Mount Everest.287. Question: Which type of space tourism has only the Russian Space Agency been involved in?Answer: Orbital space tourism.288. Question: Due to an increase in the International Space Station crew size, Russia stopped orbital space tourism in which year?Answer: In 2010.289. Question: In October 2004, which American aerospace company won the $10 million X Prize for SpaceShipOne, the first private business to reach and exceed an altitude of 100 feet?Answer: Scaled Composite.Any game is incomplete without fun and entertainment. Therefore, to begin the trivia night game, make sure to have a list of fun questions to get the other answers and thereby enhance your as well as others’ knowledge. Here is the best list of fun trivia questions to answer and make the game fun and entertaining.290. Question: With a fleet of five Spaceships, which American spaceflight business hopes to be the first to offer regular suborbital space flights to paying passengers?Answer: Virgin Galactic.291. Question: Which American suborbital spaceflight services business is working on the New Shepard reusable suborbital launch technology to enable short-duration space tourism in 2018?Answer: Blue origin.292. Question: What is the name of the suborbital vehicle created by XCOR Aerospace?Answer: Developed a suborbital vehicle called Lynx.293. Question: Which two-seat vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) rocket employ a capsule that resembles the Gemini capsule in shape?Answer: Hyperion.294. Question: In which year did EADS Astrium, a part of the European aerospace conglomerate EADS, announce its space tourism initiative?Answer: In June 2007.295. Question: In which year did the US government propose new guidelines for space tourism?Answer: In December 2005.296. Question: Which of the Moon’s prints will last for 100 million years?Answer: The footprints.297. Question: What is the weight of a spacesuit that takes 45 minutes to put on without the astronaut?Answer: A space suit weighs approximately 280 pounds.298. Question: How much food is given to each astronaut on the space shuttle?Answer: Explorer 1, launched on Jan 31, 1958.299. Question: What was the name of America’s first space station, which was the size of a 12-story building and had nearly 12,000 cubic feet of living area?Answer: America’s first station was Skylab.300. Question: What are the advantages of doing experiments in space?Answer: It helps us understand health problems on Earth.301. Question: Which country is a member of the International Space Station, a room research facility?Answer: Canada.302. Question: On December 7, 1968, what was the first space telescope launched?Answer: The orbiting Astronomical Observatory 2.303. Question: How many stars and planets in the Milky Way thought to have?Answer: It has 100-400 billion stars and more than 100 billion planets.304. Question: What was the first human-made item to enter space in 1949, according to NASA?Answer: The Bumper WAC teacher an altitude of 393 kilometers.305. Question: On April 12, 1961, what was the first successful human spaceflight, which carried Yuri Gagarin, a 27-year-old Russian cosmonaut?Answer: It was Vostok 1.306. Question: In 1959, which object became the first artificial object to reach another celestial body, the Moon?Answer: It was Luna 2.307. Question: When did Luna 10 become the first man-made lunar satellite to enter lunar orbit?Answer: On 3rd April 1966.308. Question: Who led NASA’s Space Task Force and was in charge of 25 crewed space missions?Answer: Robert Gilruth.309. Question: Who was the Mercury capsule’s designer?Answer: Maxime Faget.310. Question: The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency built which robotic spacecraft to return a sample of material?Answer: Hayabusa.311. Question: When was Hayabusa first released?Answer: On 9 May 2003.312. Question: What is the most insidious health risk to space travelers because it is unseen to the human eye and can cause cancer?Answer: Radiation.313. Question: Who was the first lady to travel to the moon?Answer: Valentina Tereshkova.314. Question: How long does it take for the Sun’s light to reach the Earth?Answer: It takes 8 and ⅓ minutes.315. Question: How long does it take the Sun to complete one round around the Milky Way Galaxy?Answer: It takes the Sun 225-250 million years.316. Question: What keeps the planets in their earth’s orbit?Answer: Gravity.317. Question: What is the direction of the Earth’s rotation?Answer: Counterclockwise.318. Question: What is the cause of seasons on Earth?Answer: Earth’s tilted axis causes the seasons.319. Question: What is the process of creating artificial gravity in spaceships?Answer: A shop could achieve artificial gravity by rotating about its axis.320. Question: On the surface of which of the following planets is the greatest circular storm in our solar system?Answer: Jupiter.321. Question: What was the planet that was the furthest away from the sun between 1979 and 1998?Answer: Neptune.322. Question: Which of the following types of galaxies is the Andromeda Galaxy?Answer: Spiral.323. Question: Which Apollo lunar landing was postponed due to an oxygen tank explosion?Answer: Apollo 13.324. Question: In our solar system, how many planets are there?Answer: Eight.325. Question: What is the age of the solar system?Answer: Its 4.571 billion years.326. Question: What is the name of the planet that is third from the Sun?Answer: Earth.327. Question: What color does the sun have?Answer: White.328. Question: Does a guitar sound the same in space as it does on Earth?Answer: Yes.329. Question: What gadget was the first to demonstrate that the Earth spins on its axis?Answer: Foucault pendulum.330. Question: Which planet has a moon that is about the same size as the planet?Answer: Pluto.331. Question: Who was the first black astronaut in space in the United States?Answer: Bluford.332. Question: Who was the first person to classify stars based on their brightness?Answer: Hipparchus.Looking for some hard and extremely difficult trivia questions? Then, here is the entire list of relevant questions for you. These hard questions are the perfect way to spice up the game and make the game night fun and exciting. It will also help you to expand your knowledge base about space which is an important factor of today’s world. So, let’s get into it. 333. Question: What is the name of the force that holds the planets in their irregular orbits around the sun?Answer: Gravity.334. Question: Which planet is covered with sulphuric acid clouds?Answer: Venus.335. Question: What is the name of the planet that is named after the Roman god of war?Answer: Mars.336. Question: What is the closest planet to the sun?Answer: Mercury.337. Question: Which two planets around the sun in less time than Earth?Answer: Mercury and Venus.338. Question: Which planet has an eight-month-long day?Answer: Venus.339. Question: How do you refer to a natural satellite?Answer: Moon.340. Question: Who was the first person to walk on the moon?Answer: Yuri Gagarin.341. Question: Which spacecraft was the first to leave the solar system?Answer: Pioneer 10.342. Question: How many space shuttles are there in the United States?Answer: Four – Columbia, Endeavor, Discovery and Atlantis.343. Question: What is the average temperature of the Sun’s surface?Answer: 5800 K.344. Question: What causes light rays to bend as they travel through the universe?Answer: Gravity.345. Question: What will expand to become a red giant, then contract to become a white dwarf, almost halfway through its 10-billion-year life?Answer: The Sun.346. Question: In the time it takes the Earth to travel around once, which planet orbits the Sun four times?Answer: Mercury.347. Question: What was the term given to the invisible substance that was originally considered to fill all of space?Answer: Ether.348. Question: What is the solar system’s largest moon?Answer: Ganymede.349. Question: Can you tell me where the Palomar telescope is?Answer: Mount Palomar, California.350. Question: Where may items crushed to an infinite density be found theoretically?Answer: Blackhole.351. Question: What is the name of Saturn’s largest moon?Answer: Titan.352. Question: Who was the first radio astronomy professor at Cambridge?Answer: Martin Rule.353. Question: Who was the first to find Uranus?Answer: William Herschel.354. Question: What is the solar system’s largest planet?Answer: Jupiter.355. Question: What is the solar system’s smallest planet?Answer: Pluto.356. Question: What is the solar system’s brightest comet?Answer: Halley’s comet.357. Question: What would you find at the center of the solar system if you traveled there?Answer: The Sun.358. Question: What is the total number of planets in the solar system?Answer: Nine.359. Question: What is the name of the planet named after the Roman goddess of love?Answer: Venus.360. Question: What kind of extraterrestrial object has the name of Edmond Halley, a 17th-century astronomer?Answer: A comet.361. Question: What was the name of the first man-made satellite?Answer: Sputnik 1.362. Question: What was the name of the space shuttle that was shot down in the semi on January 28, 1986?Answer: Challenger.363. Question: Can you tell me where the chromosphere is?Answer: Sun.364. Question: What will the sun become in the end?Answer: A white dwarf.365. Question: Which planet orbits the sun in nearly 30 Earth years?Answer: Saturn.366. Question: What is the furthest visible object to the naked eye?Answer: Andromeda galaxy.367. Question: What is the densest planet?Answer: Earth.368. Question: What is the name for ultra-dense stars that occasionally burst as supernovae?Answer: Neutron stars.369. Question: What is the name of the theory that states that the universe appears to be the same no matter where or when it is viewed?Answer: Steady-state theory.370. Question: Which planet is home to the Great Red Spot?Answer: Jupiter.371. Question: What is the Milky Way’s shape?Answer: Spiral.372. Question: When was the Pioneer space probe launched for the first time?Answer: 1958.373. Question: Which planet is called after the Titans’ father, the sky god?Answer: Uranus.374. Question: Who was the first living thing to reach the farthest reaches of the universe?Answer: Laika, a dog on board the Sputnik 2.375. Question: How many visible sunspots are there in a cycle of how many years?Answer: Eleven.376. Question: Which planet is usually the farthest away from the Sun but isn’t always?Answer: Pluto.When it comes to good trivia questions, you have to find out the best ones. But don’t worry! Because we have made your task easier by listing up the best space trivia questions which are ideal for all age groups and also for any game night. So, let’s get into it without further ado.377. Question: In the universe, what are the most common types of galaxies?Answer: Elliptical galaxies.378. Question: What is the universe’s coldest location?Answer: The Boomerang Nebula.379. Question: Which constellation is home to the universe’s hottest spot?Answer: Virgo.380. Question: What is the age of the universe?Answer: Approximately 13.8 billion years old.381. Question: What percentage of the universe is made up of dark matter?Answer: 27 percent.382. Question: In the Milky Way, what is the most frequent type of star?Answer: Red dwarf stars.383. Question: What are the universe’s largest stars?Answer: Red giant stars.384. Question: What has such a powerful gravitational attraction that even light can’t escape it?Answer: A black hole.385. Question: How many moons do we have in our solar system right now?Answer: 181 moons.386. Question: Who is the inventor of astronomy?Answer: The ancient Greeks.387. Question: What was the name of the spacecraft that took the first astronauts to the moon?Answer: Apollo 11.388. Question: Where can you go to see night sky projections?Answer: A planetarium.389. Question: What is the name of the sun’s outermost atmosphere?Answer: Corona.390. Question: What method is used to calculate the distance between the sun and the Earth?Answer: In Astronomical Units (AU).391. Question: When the moon goes through all of its phases, how long does it take?Answer: 29 days.392. Question: Who used the phrase “ears of a teacup” to describe Saturn’s rings?Answer: Galileo.393. Question: What is the name of the star Alpha Ursae Minoris?Answer: Polaris.394. Question: What is the name of the ring that encircles a back hole in science?Answer: Accretion Disk.395. Question: What is the time it takes for the moon to orbit the Earth?Answer: 28 days.396. Question: What is the name for a large star cluster, dust, and gas?Answer: A galaxy.397. Question: What was the name of the third astronaut to walk on the moon?Answer: Pete Conrad.398. Question: Which astronaut is credited with carving his daughter’s initials on the moon?Answer: Gene Cernan.399. Question: The Big Dipper is made up of how many stars?Answer: 7 stars.400. Question: What is the name of the solar storms?Answer: Solar storms.401. Question: Which constellation is associated with hunters and weapons?Answer: Orion .402. Question: Castor and Pollux are located in which constellation?Answer: Gemini.403. Question: What does it mean to study stars, planets, and galaxies?Answer: Astronomy.404. Question: What is the source of the moon’s reflected light?Answer: Reflected sunlight.405. Question: What is our sky’s third brightest celestial object?Answer: Venus.406. Question: Which constellation has a winged horse shape?Answer: Pegasus.407. Question: What happens when a meteor turns into a meteorite?Answer: This hits the earth surface.408. Question: What is the nearest star to Earth? Answer: Alpha Centauri.409. Question: What does NASA stand for?Answer: National Aeronautics and Space Administration.410. Question: Beginning January 21st, which astrological sign will be visible?Answer: Aquarius.411. Question: What do you name a celestial body’s journey through space?Answer: An orbit.412. Question: What is the sun’s polarity reversal?Answer: The solar cycle.413. Question: What type of celestial body is Vesta?Answer: An asteroid.414. Question: A big emission of plasma from the sun is referred to by scientists as a “massive release of plasma from the sun.”Answer: A Coronal Mass Ejection.415. Question: What is a revolving neutron star with a high magnetic field?Answer: A pulsar.416. Question: What is the total number of constellations?Answer: 88.Now that your brain is warmed up, keep the party going by making some more odd trivia questions for your friends and family. This is a wonderful way to start a conversation, make memories, and get to know one another better.So, what are you waiting for? Gather with your friends and family and start playing trivia games tonight!A writer by day and a reader by night, Hazra is a well-skilled freelance writer. She is tender, compassionate, authoritative and has a fun personality shine at the same time. Her valuable quality of understanding things helps her tackle even the critical situations making it the easiest of all time.
She can dive deep into one's heart through her words bringing them close to oneself. She is a firm believer and achiever who loves to explore new things. Besides, she is a compulsive information seeker who is fond of reading, writing and drinking too much coffee with a laptop. When not writing, Hazra enjoys exploring the outdoors.